10 years, thank you for shopping for my wedding today.
But our most important ring hasn't been bought yet.
You can choose with me tomorrow.
So many rings.
You don't like it?
Like, but I just need you to come with me to choose for yourself.
The meaning is not the same.
I'm very busy.
Tell me.
Hey, is this the secretary's car?
Why in the old house?
Ninh's secretary came to give her a wedding dress.
Why haven't you fired him yet?
No, you can't let Xining destroy you.
What's going on?
I'm a little upset.
Take him to the hospital.
Miss Yen.
No, I'm not hurt.
Running that fast?
Ma'am, you've got a misunderstanding.
I didn't resign because I didn't want anything to do with the late CEO.
Okay, stop pretending in front of me.
The last time Ninh Ninh saved me in a car accident, I couldn t let you stay here and cause trouble.
Last time you were in a car accident, it was me who pushed you out.
What did you say?
You saved me.